Restore is a fork of ``binary``, with the ``binary`` package's source code
originally licensed to the Restore Developers under the terms of the BSD
3-Clause License (see: bsd3-license.txt).

However all code subsequently added by the Restore Developers has copyright held
by the Restore Developers and is provided solely only under the terms of the
Mozilla Public License 2.0 (see: mpl-2.0.txt).

As permitted by the BSD 3-Clause License, the `binary` portions are sublicensed
for distribution under the terms of the Mozilla Public License 2.0, and so the
combined work is distributed under the conjunctive terms of BOTH licenses, and
BOTH licenses must be observed for any source or binary distribution, or future
fork or derived work.

A description of intent
-----------------------

It is a common mistake among software engineering professionals to treat
licenses, and legal verbage generally as absolute conditions enforced by some
unwaivering neutral legal enforcer: a sort of modern-day sorcerer's apprentice.
Of course the reality is nothing like that: any real court case is determined by
human judges or arbitrators with due consideration to, among other things, the
inferred original intent of the parties involved.  This note is an attempt to
document the intent of the Restore Developers who re-licensed the ``binary``
package from the 3-Clause BSD to the Mozilla Public License 2.0 in the creation
of the new ``restore`` package.

The original authors of ``binary`` created and maintained their package, making
it available under the terms of the 3-Clause BSD open-source license.  That work
included contributions by other developers in the form of "patches" that were
provided by those other developers to the original authors and maintainers also
under the terms of the same 3-Clause BSD license.

At the time of fork, the Restore Developers utilized their rights available
under the 3-Clause BSD to relicense the ``binary`` package under the terms of
the Mozilla Public License (MPL) 2.0, whose conditions are generally considered
to be a superset of the 3-Clause BSD.  To be clear: the MPL 2.0 incorporates
conditions that are generally the same as those in the 3-Clause BSD, as well as
introducing further copyleft restrictions.  The licenses are generally thought
to be compatible in the sense that 3-Clause BSD licensed source code may be
incorporated into an MPL 2.0 program, although the reverse direction is not
possible.

After forking and relicensing, the Restore Developers madeM further modifications
to the codebase in the form of patches provided solely under the terms of the
MPL 2.0.  The combined work which results from applying these patches--which
happens e.g. every time the ``restore`` repository is checked out from version
control--can therefore be largely treated as if it were just made available
under the terms of the MPL, which is the more restrictive license.

Still we, the Restore Developers and later contributors, must be careful to keep
the original copyright and license declarations (which cannot be changed) and
include in our releases, source or binary, the full text of both licenses as
their terms require.

Note: Many other projects which provide two licenses follow the so-called
      "dual-license" structure where the recipient has the disjuntive (OR)
      choice of which license to apply.  That is NOT what is happening here:
      with ``restore`` the recipient is conjunctively (AND) required to obey the
      terms of BOTH licenses.

The intent is NOT to prevent upstream contributions from ``restore`` back into
the original 3-Clause BSD licensed ``binary`` package, but rather to ensure that
copyleft restrictions apply to any derived works.  The inability to cherry-pick
patches back to upstream is merely an unfortunate consequence.  When it seems
likely that a patch made to ``restore`` would be of potential value to both
projects, the Restore Developers encourage contributors to make their patches
available under a dual-license so that they can be proposed for upstream as
well.  However when unspecified the default assumption regarding all
contributions received by the Restore Developers is that they are solely
licensed under the terms of the ``restore`` project, namely the MPL 2.0.  A
dual-licensed patch must clarify that status in its commit message and/or the
text of the change itself.
